It was holiday time. Veena and
Vinay were in the garden.
There were tins of
paint everywhere.
There was white paint and red paint and green
paint and blue paint and yellow paint.
The painters were busy.
One painter was on a ladder.
Another was hanging from
the roof on a swing.
Can we help? asked
Veena and Vinay.
The painter gave each
of them a brush.
Paint the inside of the
gate, he said to Veena.
Paint the outside of the
gate, he said to Vinay.
They picked up two tins
of paint and set to work.
Veena painted one
side of the gate.
Vinay painted the other
The paint fell on the ground. The paint
fell on the wall. The paint fell on them.
At last they finished.
They wiped off the paint that
had splashed on the ground.
had splashed on the wall.
They wiped off the paint
that had splashed on them.
I love my red gate! said Veena.
I love my green gate! said Vinay.
Oh, you have made a two-coloured gate!
cried the painter.
Let us keep it that way!
said Mother.